Asuma Sarutobi Training
Do The Bell Test 
The Wise Shinobi carefully Scouts the Physically Lay out of the Battle Field. And never loses sight of his position on it. 

Use The Shadow Possession Jutsu to stop Choji's Human Boulder.

Strategy on a Game Board is no different from Strategy on the Battle Field.

An Ambush is a Key Battle Tactic and can be very beneficial. But for it to work you have to meet two conditions. Number one the Ninja on the run must be completely quit, and must find the enemy first. Number Two they have to be able to catch the purser's off guard at a location where they can do a lot of danger quickly and then conceal themselves again just as quickly. 

Psychology Training 
With every missions comes Sacrifice. 

Chakra Blades are Forged from a Special Type of Metal that can actually absorb the bearer's Chakra Nature.
Now Try Sending Your Chakra into the Blade.
To activate it imagine your Chakra Splitting in two and Grinding it against each other. Just as if you were finely sharpening the blade between your two halves of your Chakra.
Let's Hit that Tree with are Chakra Blades at the same Time.
The Wind Change in Nature is best Suited to Close and Medium Range Combat.
Free Sparring 

Get a Mental Image of your Wind Chakra and throw um. This is Visualization Training to increase the accuracy of your Wind Chakra. The Holes you made tell me you were imaging that Tree's Destruction when you should have been envisioning Wind Chakra. Your Minds were distracted from the Chakras lighter Sharper Nature. It's not about how many you throw. Focus on the image each and every time. Be precise with your Wind Chakra. 

Training Episodes
A Feeling of Yearning, a Flower Full of Hope
He Flies! He Jumps! He Lurks! Chief Toad Appears!
Zero Motivation: The Guy with Cloud Envy!
The Battle Begins: Naruto vs. Sasuke 
Full Throttle Power! Choji, Ablaze! 
The Three Villains from the Maximum Security Prison 

Naruto: Shippuden Training Episodes 
Writhe
Teammate 
The Old Monk's Prayer 

Techniques That He Knows
Burning Ash 
Flying Swallow 
Replacement Jutsu 
Substitution Jutsu 
Teleportation Jutsu 

Students
Shikamaru Nara
Ino Yamanaka
Choji Akimichi
Naruto Uzumaki
Sora 

Superpowers
Chakra 
Chakra Control 
Chakra Network 
Chakra Points 
Hand Signs
Mediation 
Mystical Energy
Nature Transformation
Spirit
Spiritual Energy 
Superhuman Endurance 
Superhuman Jumping 
Superhuman Stamina 
Superhuman Strength 
Walking on Water Technique
Will of Fire 
Wind Nature 

Ninja Gear
Brass Knuckles 
Cestuses 
Chakra Blades
Daggers 
Kunai Knife 
Hidden Leaf Village Flak Jacket
Hidden Leaf Village Forehead Protector 
