Kakashi Hatake Training
Time it takes to complete Stage 1: 1Month

Ninjas must know how to Conceal their movements and Hide Effectively.

Shinobi Battle Skills Part 1: Taijutsu The Physical Art.
Don't let your Enemy get Behind you all the Time.
Ninjas need to think beyond the normal.
Think before you use a Jutsu. Or else your Opponent might use it against you.
A Ninja Must See Through Deception.
Shinobi Battle Skill Rule Number 2: Genjutsu. Genjutsu is just simple Mind Control. 
You have to learn to see through these things. 
Shinobi Battle Skill Rule Number 3: Ninjutsu.
I Taught you Teamwork.
Do the Cliff Climbing Practice with one arm tied behind your Back.

Sasuke  copied Lee's  Taijutsu with his Sharingan so during the Taijutsu Training I did with Sasuke I Simple had him Imagine Lee's movement and Copy it. 

Change Your Chakras Form
Do the Rasengan for me. Compressing your Chakra into a Sphere and making it Spin like crazy at blinding Speed. 

Now then, The next step is the change in Chakra Nature.

Chidori: One Thousand Birds
You know about the Five types of Chakra and about change in Chakra Nature. Some Shinobi are able to affect more then one change in Chakra Nature.If you have a Lightning Nature then I can pass on to you the unique Jutsu of Kakashi the Copy Ninja. 
You have to build up your Speed to the Level Required to use Chidori. It's a Jab. The Secret of the Jab is the Speed in which it is delivered. And in the ability to focus his Chakra to the point of impact. Once these two Elements Speed and Focus have attained a certain level the Chakra actually becomes visible. 
To Start try gathering up some Chakra in your palm. 
This is a Jutsu that requires accomplishing both a change in the Chakras form and the change in it's Nature, simultaneously. Watch carefully First, I concentrate the Chakra in my Right Hand. Then I change the nature of it so it's like an electrical current. And now I change it's form so that it will discharge at whatever range and Power Level I determine. That's the Secret. 

You are good for about two Bursts. At this stage of your Chakra development you've only got two Shots of Chidori in you per day. The Third would be impossible. If you try to force a Jutsu not only will it not work but the attempt can drain your Chakra to Absolute Zero. Worst Case Scenario you die. 

If you have more than the four ninja essential to a Squad it takes longer to get anything done and becomes more difficult to hide from the enemy.

There are 5 Basic types or Natures of Chakra. Fire, wind, Water, Lightning, and Earth. The five great nations took their names from these five Chakra Natures. They are the foundation of all Ninjutsu and the foundation for everything we learn as Shinobi. We are going to find out what nature you are using these Slips of Paper.

Chakra Paper 
These are Litmus Papers that react to Chakra. They come from a Special kind of Tree that Grows by Absorbing Chakra. Just let the Chakra Flow into the Paper and we'll find out what Nature you Possess.

If you have a Lightning Nature than the paper will wrinkle. If you have a Wind Nature than it Tears. A Fire Nature will make it burn. A Water Nature, the paper becomes wet. An Earth Nature, and it crumbles away. 

Wind Chakra Nature is perfect for Battle. It can rip and severe almost anything in it's path.

Shadow Clone Jutsu
As you know, the Shadow Clone Jutsu creates actually physical copies of yourself, not just illusions as with a Standard Clone Jutsu. It allows you to duplicate your real self many times over. But this Ninjutsu also imparts a unique effect on it's user. When the Jutsu is released and you're restored to your single  original self again, everything that each one of your Shadow Clones experienced, is now inside of you. Stored in your Memory Banks, as it were. 
If you and a Shadow Clone perform the same training exercises at the same time You'll rack up twice the training experience. 

Lock your Clones cumulative experience into your Memory Banks. Now break the Jutsu and Reflect on the Exercise. Along with all that cumulative experience there comes Cumulative Fatigue as Well.

Wind Style: Rasen Shuriken 
Cut a Leaf Using Your Wind Chakra
Cut a Waterfall in Two Using Wind Chakra
Try Your Jutsu against my Rasengan if it's near completion it should cancel mine out. 

Training Episodes
Pass or Fail: Survival Test 
You Failed! Kakashi's Final Decision 
The Forest of Chakra 
The Land Where a Hero Once Lived 
Battle on the Bridge! Zabuza Returns! 
A Feeling of Yearning, a Flower Full of Hope
Byakugan vs. Shadow Clone Jutsu
Bushy Brow's Jutsu: Sasuke Style! 
Astonishing Truth! Gaara's Identity Emerges!
Sasuke's Decision: Pushed to the Edge! 
Assassin of the Moonlit Night
Jiraiya: Naruto's Potential Disaster!

Naruto: Shippuden Training Episodes 
The Results of Training 
The Jinchuriki of the Sand
Wind
Writhe
Deprived of Eternal Sleep 
Akatsuki's Invasion 
Sad News 
When You Curse Someone, You Dig Your Own Grave 
Rivals

Techniques That He Knows
Button Hook Entry
Chidori: One Thousand Birds
Clone Jutsu
Curse Sealing 
Dancing Leaf Shadow 
Demonic Illusion: Death Mirage Jutsu 
Falcon Drop
Fire Style: Fireball Jutsu
Earth Style: Headhunter Jutsu
Earth Style: Hidden Mole Jutsu 
Illusion Jutsu 
Kamui 
Leaf Village Secret Finger Taijutsu: A Thousand Years of Death
Lightning Blade
Lightning Cutter 
Lions Barrage 
Man-Beast Ultimate Taijutsu: Fang over Fang.
Manji Formation
Multi Shadow Clone Jutsu 
Naruto Uzumaki Barrage 
Ninja Art: Hidden Mist Jutsu
Ninja Art: Shadow Possession Jutsu
Ninja Art: Water Style: Water Wall 
Primary Lotus 
Rasengan 
Release
Replacement Jutsu 
Shadow Clone Jutsu
Shadow Clone Jutsu: Kakashi Style
Shadow Makibishi Technique  
Silent Killing 
String Reeling Technique 
Substitution Jutsu 
Summoning Jutsu: Eight Ninja Hounds
Summoning Jutsu: Pakkun 
Teleportation Jutsu 
Transformation Jutsu: Transform
Water Clone Jutsu 
Water Style: Giant Vortex Jutsu 
Water Style: Water Dragon Jutsu 
Water Style: Water Shark Bomb Jutsu 
Water Style: Water Wall 
Wind Style: Great Breakthrough

Techniques That He Teaches 
Tree Climbing Technique 
Strong Fist 
Chidori: One Thousand Birds
Sharingan 
Shape Transformation
Nature Transformation
Shadow Clone Jutsu 

Superpowers
Blue Chakra 
Chakra
Chakra Control 
Chakra Network 
Chakra Points 
Dimensional Travel 
Duplication 
Earth Nature
Enlightenment 
Fire Nature 
Gate of Opening Release
Genjutsu 
Genius
Hand Signs
Hypnosis 
Lightning Nature  
Mangekyō Sharingan
Mind Control
Mystical Energy
Nature Transformation
Ninjutsu
Precognition 
Send Your Chakra To The Bottom of My Feet for a Burst of Speed. 
Shape Shifting 
Shape Transformation
Sharingan
Spirit 
Spiritual Energy 
Summoning 
Superhuman Jumping 
Superhuman Reflexes 
Superhuman Smell
Superhuman Speed 
Superhuman Stamina  
Taijutsu
Telepathy
Teleportation 
Walking on Water Technique
Water Nature
Will of Fire 

Students
Naruto Uzumaki
Sakura Haruno
Sasuke Uchiha
Sai

Ninja Gear
Chakra Suppressing Seal
Explosive Tags
Fourth Hokage Flying Thunder God Kunai
Kakashi's Two Masks
Kunai  
Hidden Leaf Village Flak Jacket 
Hidden Leaf Village Forehead Protector 
Makibishi 
Paper Bomb
Radio
Shuriken

Killed:
Haku Yuki 
Kakuzu

Kakashi Sharingan Fights
Zabuza Momochi(X2)
Haku Yuki
Kisame Hoshigake 
Itachi Uchiha 
Nagare 
Naruto Uzumaki
Sakura Haruno 
Captain Yura 
Deidara
Naruto Uzumaki(One-Tailed Form) 
Naruto Uzumaki(Two-Tailed Form) 
Kakuzu 
Hidan 
Gozu
Guren

Kakashi's Mangekyō Sharingan Fights 
Deidara(X2)
Pain
Sasuke Uchiha
Tobi 
