Master Jiraiya's Training
Mediate and produce Shadow Clones. 
Catch up to a Deliver Ninja. 
Row up Stream to the Land of Fangs 
You must improve your timing with the Shadow Clone Jutsu. 
Water in a Frog's Face Training. You'll horn your Endurance by becoming a frog and learning not to react to anything thrown in your face. 
You have to move quicker and coordinate your attacks better. 

Water Off A Frog's Back Training
We will become like true Frogs and Face the Elements and everything else, to learn how to endure anything without moving a Muscle.

Nine Tailed Fox Chakra
Try Building up that Red Chakra Right Now. 
You're going to need to use up all of your usually Chakra so just that your Red Chakra remains.

Toad Summoning Jutsu
It is a Teleportation Technique in which you sign a Contract in Blood with all kinds of living creatures and then Summon them when ever you like with Ninjutsu your Ninja Art. 
Sign your Name in your own Blood in the  Scroll 
Stamp the Fingerprints of one Hand in Blood beneath the Signature
Find the place where you want to summon the creature.
Then build up Chakra and press down the Hand you used on the Contract. 
Stay on Lord Gamabunta Back All Day

Rasengan (3 Weeks)
With the Tree Climbing Exercise you learned to gather and maintain Chakra. With Water Walking exercise you learn to release a steady amount of it. With the Water Balloon Exercise you will learn to create a stream of Chakra spinning it.
First Gather the Chakra in your hand using the Tree Climbing Technique. Then release a steady stream of it using the Walk on Water Technique and finally use the Chakra to push and turn the Water inside of the Balloon. A good way to build up Chakra in the body is to spin it in a tight spiral. Whether the Chakra spins to the left or the Right depends on the individual. 

Stage 2 Rasengan 
The first element is Rotation. The second element is Force. But this object is solid there is no Water inside so it is far more difficult to exert your Chakra Rotation on it. 

Stage 3 Rasengan 
The first step you learned was Rotation. The Second step was power. The third step you gotta draw up 100% of what you learned so far and then maintain it. In other words keeping the power and the rotation of your Chakra at their Maximum. First visualize the thin membrane just inside the balloon. Then of compressing the Chakra inside it. 

Mediate under a Waterfall with a Toad. 

A Simple Jutsu using your Wind Chakra. It's a Collaboration Ninjutsu! In which two Jutsu are combined in order to make a single Stronger Jutsu! The Two Jutsu have to be in Perfect Sync for the  Collaboration Ninjutsu to Work. Work on Your Sense of Rhythm. 

Masters
Hiruzen Sarutobi
Minato Namikaze 

Students
Minato Namikaze 
Naruto Uzumaki

Training Episodes
Long Time No See: Jiraiya Returns 
The Summoning Jutsu: Wisdom of the Toad Sage!
A Feeling of Yearning, a Flower Full of Hope
Live or Die: Risk it All to Win it All!
He Flies! He Jumps! He Lurks! Chief Toad Appears!
Jiraiya: Naruto's Potential Disaster!
A New Training Begins: I Will Be Strong! 
Keep on Training: Pop Goes the Water Balloon!
Focal Point: The Mark of the Leaf 
An Impossible Choice: The Pain Within Tsunade's Heart
Inheritance! The Necklace of Death!
A Dubious Offer! Tsunade's Choice 
Departure 

Naruto: Shippuden Training Episodes 
Naruto's Growth 
The Secret Weapon is Called...
An Unnecessary Addition 
Nine-Tails Unleashed! 
The Unfinished Page 
The Secret of the Battle 
Orochimaru's Hideout Discovered 
Connecting Hearts
The Unseeing Enemy 
The Two Charms 
The Bridge to Peace

Techniques That He Knows
Combo Rasengan 
Earth Style: Dark Swamp 
Fire Style: Dragon Flame Jutsu 
Fire Style: Flame Bombs 
Five Pronged Seal Release 
Ninja Art: Needle Jizo 
Ninja Art: Summoning: Bring Down the House Jutsu
Ninja Art: Summoning Jutsu: Gama 
Ninja Art: Summoning Jutsu: Gamabunta 
Ninja Art: Summoning Jutsu: Gamahiro 
Ninja Art: Summoning Jutsu: Gamakichi
Ninja Art: Summoning Jutsu: Gamariki
Ninja Art: Summoning Jutsu: Gamatatsu
Ninja Art: Toad Mouth Trap 
Sannin Mode
Sealing Jutsu: Fire Seal 
Smack of Love 
Strange Kabuki Sage Dance 
Substitution Jutsu  
Teleportation Jutsu 
Toad Oil Bomb 
Transparency Jutsu 

Techniques That He Teaches
Walking on Water Technique 
Initial Jinchūriki Form
Ninja Art: Summoning Jutsu: Gamabunta 
Walk on Fire 
Walk on Air 
Transparency Jutsu 
Leaf Concentration Practice
Rasengan 
Summoning Jutsu: Giant Shuriken 
Giant Rasengan 
The Nine Tailed Fox Spirits Cloak

Superpowers
Chakra
Chakra Control 
Chakra Network 
Chakra Points 
Curse 
Break Genjutsu
Earth Nature 
Fire Nature 
Jutsu 
Hand Signs
Leaf Concentration Practice
Mystical Energy 
Nature Transformation
Spirit
Spiritual Energy 
Summoning
Superhuman Jumping 
Superhuman Power
Superhuman Reflexes 
Superhuman Speed 
Superhuman Stamina 
Teleportation 
Walking on Water Technique
Will of Fire 

Ninja Gear
Chakra Suppressing Seal
Contract with the Summoning Toads 
Customized Forehead Protector 
Hidden Leaf Village Flak Jacket
Hidden Leaf Village Forehead Protector 
Kunai 
Make Out Paradise 
Make Out Tactics 
Make Out Violence 

Master Jiraiya's Research 
Ino 
Okyo 
Tsunade Senju 
Sakura Haruno

Martial Art Styles:
Ninjutsu
Taijutsu 
Wrestling 
