Ninja Academy Training
You can only wear the Leaf Headband when you Graduate from the Academy.

Before you begin Combat Training you must first use a weapon that suits both physically and mentally. 

This is hands-on Training. Choose from among these a ninja tool that suits you.
Come at me with that Weapon with the intent to kill me.

You must practice until the Rope Javelin becomes an Extension to your body.

We will Review the Transformation Jutsu

The Final Exam is to create at least Three replicas of your self using the Clone Jutsu.

Chakra is the Elemental Life Energy that is used to perform Jutsu. The Ninja Arts combine Physical Energy from each Cell in the Body with Mystical Energy which is intensified through Training and Experience. 

Your Ninja Photo is the Key to your Future.

There are more than 100 Principles on Shinobi Conduct.

We want the three man Squads to have a Balance of Strengths and Abilities.

Kunoichi have a Special role to play. They must not only learn Ninjutsu but also a wide range of knowledge of refinement as Woman. If you can't blend into Enemy Territory by adopting the customs of the Woman there then you will never be able to succeed as a Spy. Today's class is Flower Arranging. 

Today we will be working on the Transformation Jutsu. Let's see you transform into Lord Hokage.

Run 10 Laps
Run 200 Laps Around the Ninja Academy

Leaf Concentration Practice
By concentrating all your Energy on the Leaf on your foreheads you will learn to build up your Chakra. By focusing on that single leaf nothing can distract you. 

Using the Clues I have given you. Determine the quickest route from the Starting Point to the Target.

Shuriken Jutsu 
Take eight Kunai Knives and do a backflip that will hit all Eight Targets. 

The only way a Comrade would leave their team leader behind is if they either died or was on the verge of it. 

Always watch your own back. 

Always be aware that your Opponent may be Bluffing. 

Ninja Academy Teacher Requirement Exam
Kunai Training 

Training Episodes
The Oath of Pain 
The Weapons Known as Shinobi 
Kunoichi Rumble: The Rivals Get Serious!
Akamaru Unleashed! Who's Top Dog Now?
Surprise Attack! Naruto's Secret Weapon!
A Failure Stands Tail! 
Lee's Hidden Strength: Forbidden Secret Jutsu!
A Shadow in Darkness: Danger Approaches Sasuke 
Live or Die: Risk it All to Win it All!
Zero Hour! The Destruction of the Hidden Leaf Village Begins!
Village in Distress: A New A-Ranked Mission!
The Third Hokage, Forever...
Roar, Chidori! Brother vs. Brother! 
Focal Point: The Mark of the Leaf 
Tsunade's Warning: Ninja No More! 
Sensei and Student: The Bond of the Shinobi 
A Cry on Deaf Ears 
Father and Son, the Broken Crest
For a Friend...
The Three Villains from the Maximum Security Prison 
The Missed Target 
The Powerful Helper 
The Targeted Shukaku 

Masters 
Iruka Umino 
Mizuki 
Shikamara Nara
Suzume 

Techniques That They Teach
Clone Jutsu 
Disguise Jutsu 
Escape Jutsu 
Replacement Jutsu 
Substitution Jutsu
Transformation Jutsu: Transform 
Release 
Shuriken Jutsu 

Superpowers That They Teach
Chakra 
Genjutsu 
Leaf Concentration Practice 
Ninjutsu 
Taijutsu 

My Ninja Rank: Jounin 
Captain of the ANBU Black Ops 

I have completed 42 official missions. 14 D, 4 C, 5 B, 5, A, 17, S, 7,
